Now Let's utilize this component in our show question
page. We can open questions show.blade.php.
Let's find
where the author file included.
OK here it is.
Now we can call our user info component like so.
And remember our server component needs to
receive model and label attribute as we define in
props property.
And here we need to pass data
from here to this component.
In this case we can use the v-bind directive for dynamic binding.
So whenever the data is updated in the
parent it will also fall down to the child.
Here we can also use the shorthand syntax for v-bind
by simply type colon followed by attribute name
then equals and then we need to pass in the user
instance to this component. Since we are in blade file
we can pass in any value to our tribute or a
custom attribute of our component like this.
So remember when we are in vue js file we cannot
pass any value into components attribute using
mustaches or string interpellation. But here since
we are in php file we're allowed to do that
because when this file rendered it will be look like this
id title and so on.
So if you see here the concept of the component is similar
to blade include directive here we specify what file
to be included.
And then specify which values that we need to
pass in to the included file. When we use a vue js
component
we call the component name and then specify which values
that we need to pass in to the component through
custom attributes.
No we don't need these include directive just remove it.
All right
Let's save all changes and let's see how it looked like.
Now the user info disappears
Let me check ok here for the label
we need to pass in a plain string.
That's why here we don't need to
use dynamic binding just like this.
Nothing change the user info is still disappear.
Let's open up or our browser console.
Here we have two errors.
Cannot read property url of undefined.
Let's open vue dev tools
here we can see our user info below route component.
In the props we have label ask
if we see the model
there was not created date attribute
and we cannot also find the user here.
That's why the user in data is undefined.
So why this happened.
Well this happened because the relation object in
this case user will not be included because we did
not eager loaded it in our query.
So if we open route service provider
here we have answers dot user eager loaded.
That's way
here we'll have answers and in every answer
will have user.
Actually there is a better solution for this
situation but we cannot do that at this time.
For now we will fix this issue by including the user
that related to question instance and letter we
will come back here and refactor the code.
Let's see
Here we have ask undefined the user's name
now comeback but I can't see the user's avatar.
Let's open up our browser console.
There's no error
Let's inspect the user info component.
Let's see the user object.
And here we cannot find URL and Avatar.
So what's wrong here.
Well when echoing the question
Instance in blade like this. Laravel
will display it in json representation.
But unfortunately all accessories will not be included.
So to make our accessors to be included in json representation
we need to add them in appends attribute
in our model.
So let's open to user model
then here let's define
appends
and add our accessor in this case url and  avatar
let's also open
the question model
and then define created date access to appends attribute
Save all changes
and have a look
get url attribute doesn't exist.
Sorry it should be url. Reload again.
All right
Now the post creation dates and Avatar appears as before.
It looks no different with include directive that we used before
but if you see our page source
here the user info rendered in user
info tag. It is not a valid html tag
but when vue js has been loaded on the page
it will transform this tag into valid html.
All right
let's also make change to answer item
to utilize our brand new component.
Let's go back to our editor and then open
answers underscore  answer blade php.
Here
let's remove the include author
and then call our user info component
Last let's open answer model
let's define appends attribute
and add created date accessor.
Let's save all changes
and hopefully everything is working fine.
I made typo
It should be created date.
Now everything looks fine as we expect.
Okay great.
We've successfully created our vuejs
component in our application.
Currently we don't see any difference in our UI
but I think it's a good start.
All right let's commit our changes to our git repo
and don't forget to stop the webpack from
watching our asset changes before we do that.
git
add all git commit
dash m and I'm going to say create a basic vue js component.
check out master
git merge lesson twenty eight
git push origin master
and then git push origin lesson twenty eight.